Migrate `docs.datajoint.org/python` (#1096)
datajoint/datajoint-python: docs/src/sysadmin/hosting.md

Server, or Amazon Aurora to store the structured data used for all relational 
operations.
Large blocks of data associated with these records such as multidimensional numeric 
arrays (signals, images, scans, movies, etc) can be stored within the database or 
stored in additionally configured [bulk storage](../client/stores.md).

The first decisions you need to make are where this server will be hosted and how it 
will be administered.
The server may be hosted on your personal computer, on a dedicated machine in your lab, 
or in a cloud-based database service.

## Cloud hosting

Increasingly, many teams make use of cloud-hosted database services, which allow great 
flexibility and easy administration of the database server.
A cloud hosting option will be provided through https://works.datajoint.com.
DataJoint Works simplifies the setup for labs that wish to host their data pipelines in 
the cloud and allows sharing pipelines between multiple groups and locations.
Being an open-source solution, other cloud services such as Amazon RDS can also be used 
in this role, albeit with less DataJoint-centric customization.

## Self hosting

> In the most basic configuration, the relational database software and DataJoint are 
> installed onto a single computer which is used by an individual user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the most basic configuration, a relational database management system (database server) is 
installed on an individual user's personal computer.
```

> To support a small group of users, a larger computer can be used instead and configured 
> for remote access.
> As the number of users grows, individual workstations can be installed with the 
> DataJoint software and used to connect to a larger and more specialized centrally 
> located database server machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support a group of users, a specialized machine can be configured as a dedicated database server.
This server can be accessed by multiple DataJoint clients to query the data and perform computations. 
```

For even larger groups or multi-site collaborations, multiple database servers may be 
configured in a replicated fashion to support larger workloads and simultaneous 

> multi-site access.

Reviewer: For larger groups and multi-site collaborations with heavy workloads, the database server cluster may be configured in the cloud or on premises.

Author: Thanks.  Updated.

The following section provides some basic guidelines for these configurations here and 
in the subsequent sections of the documentation.

## General server / hardware support requirements

The following table lists some likely scenarios for DataJoint database server 
deployments and some reasonable estimates of the required computer hardware.
The required IT/systems support needed to ensure smooth operations in the absence of 
local database expertise is also listed.

### IT infrastructures

> | Usage Scenario | DataJoint Database Computer | Required IT Support |

Reviewer: Hm, how was this generated? Sources?

Author: @dimitri-yatsenko This is just a direct migration from: https://docs.datajoint.org/python/admin/1-hosting.html

Reviewer: ok, let's migrate and I will edit with references to sources. Thanks.
